Fixed investigation skill

Purpose
Investigate the impact of a cell outage from text that the program renders from
structured State. Separate mapped geography from measured coverage. Pre-outage
coverage of the down cell identifies potentially affected locations; the down
cell cannot be an available backup after its outage.

Evidence rules
Only queried locations with valid records provide coverage evidence. An unqueried
location and a queried location with missing data both have unknown coverage, but
their query progress differs. A valid empty cell list means no cell coverage.
A valid nonempty list without the down cell is a different observation. Do not
invent signal measurements for absent cells. Population and complete demand cannot
be inferred from residential land-use tags. Other land-use types do not imply zero
demand. Known geographic boundaries do not imply known coverage inside them.

Spatial interpretation
Use the stated coordinate units and the listed areas. A road centerline is not an
area: query a road corridor through its buffer area. The query boundary of an area
is the set of queried locations that share an edge with an unqueried location of
the same area; it does not depend on signal values. Missing data on the query
boundary does not show that coverage of the down cell ends there. Counts from
overlapping areas cannot be summed as disjoint areas.

Actions
Use only the listed actions and only the listed area ids, cell ids and
observation ids; do not invent coordinates or ids. coverage.query returns
coverage for up to four areas in one call and spends query budget: each location
it queries for the first time costs one unit. Backup candidates are the cells
other than the down cell that valid coverage records list. kpi.query returns
their pre-outage KPI, one row per indicator; impact.estimate needs both
indicators for every backup candidate. impact.estimate estimates synthetic
traffic transfer and load under the stated thresholds, scope and formula. Keep
location share distinct from traffic share, and report unserved demand and
excluded unknown locations. Do not read a demonstration formula as a calibrated
network model. inspect_observation shows the rows of one observation when the
counts are not enough. finish proposes to end the investigation; its gap targets list
the key areas left unqueried and its question gives the reason. The program ends
the run only when the completion checks listed with the actions pass, and
otherwise reports what is unmet.

Feedback
The program validates every decision before it runs. A rejection, an unmet
completion check, a failed query or a reviewer concern comes back in the Feedback
section as a fact about the investigation. Read it before the next decision.

Decision format
Reply with exactly these three lines and nothing else:
action: <action name>
parameters: <JSON object with the action's parameters>
gap: <JSON object with "targets" (list of the area or cell ids the question is about; for finish, the key areas you leave unqueried, empty when there are none) and "question" (one sentence; for finish, the reason)>
The gap names the information the action should provide. Its targets are the
areas or cells the question is about. Example:
action: coverage.query
parameters: {"areas": ["S9"], "epoch": "pre_outage"}
gap: {"targets": ["S9"], "question": "Is the down cell present in settlement S9?"}

Limits
State describes current known facts and remaining unknowns; it does not prescribe
an action. Maps are for people; decide from the text only. Do not infer unknown
coverage, future results, or a complete outage impact from partial observations.
